[DOC] Add kv processor content gap doc (#5781)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/lowercase.md

The following table lists the required and optional parameters for the `lowercase` processor.

| Parameter  | Required  | Description  |
|---|---|---|

> `field`  | Required  | The name of the field that contains the data to be converted. Supports [template snippets]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ingest-pipelines/create-ingest/#template-snippets). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`field`  | Required  | The name of the field containing the data to be converted. Supports [template snippets]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ingest-pipelines/create-ingest/#template-snippets). |
```
